README.md, before:

## Hey 👋, I'm Francisco Magaña!  
  

<a href="https://github.com/francisco-magana" target="_blank">
<img src=https://img.shields.io/badge/github-%2324292e.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white alt=github style="margin-bottom: 5px;" />
</a>
<a href="https://twitter.com/frankCoder1213" target="_blank">
<img src=https://img.shields.io/badge/twitter-%2300acee.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=twitter&logoColor=white alt=twitter style="margin-bottom: 5px;" />
</a>
<a href="https://linkedin.com/in/francisco-javier-maga%C3%B1a-palomeque-b273061ba" target="_blank">
<img src=https://img.shields.io/badge/linkedin-%231E77B5.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white alt=linkedin style="margin-bottom: 5px;" />
</a>  
  



### Glad to see you here!  
I'm a Software Developer Engineer from Chiapas, Mexico.

I'm a software engineer who loves coding and creating new things. My interests include problem-solving, teaching, creativity, and teamwork. I believe that every challenge is an opportunity to grow and improve, and I am constantly seeking new challenges to overcome. When I am not working on projects or pursuing my passions, I enjoy spending time with my loved ones, reading books, playing videogames, watching movies, and exploring the outdoors.

Thank you for taking the time to visit my profile. I am always looking for new opportunities to collaborate and learn, so feel free to reach out and connect with me.  
  

<br/>  


## Rapidfire  
<table><tr><td valign="top" width="50%">

- 🔭 I’m currently working on Nexu  
  

- 🌱 I’m currently learning Angular in Depth  
  

- ❓ Ask me about anything related to Front End, teaching and learning  
  

- ⚡ Fun fact: I love cats 🥰  


</td><td valign="top" width="50%">

<div align="center">
<img src="https://media.giphy.com/media/lJNoBCvQYp7nq/giphy.gif" align="center" style="width: 100%" />
</div>  


</td></tr></table>  

<br/>  


## Languages and Tools  
<div align="center">  
<a href="https://reactjs.org/" target="_blank"><img style="margin: 10px" src="https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/react-original-wordmark.svg" alt="React" height="25" /></a>  
<a href="https://getbootstrap.com/docs/3.4/javascript/" target="_blank"><img style="margin: 10px" src="https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/bootstrap-plain.svg" alt="Bootstrap" height="25" /></a>  
<a href="https://www.w3schools.com/css/" target="_blank"><img style="margin: 10px" src="https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/css3-original-wordmark.svg" alt="CSS3" height="25" /></a>  
<a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HTML5" target="_blank"><img style="margin: 10px" src="https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/html5-original-wordmark.svg" alt="HTML5" height="25" /></a>  
<a href="https://www.javascript.com/" target="_blank"><img style="margin: 10px" src="https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/javascript-original.svg" alt="JavaScript" height="25" /></a>  
<a href="https://www.cprogramming.com/" target="_blank"><img style="margin: 10px" src="https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/c-original.svg" alt="C" height="25" /></a>  
<a href="https://aws.amazon.com/" target="_blank"><img style="margin: 10px" src="https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/amazonwebservices-original-wordmark.svg" alt="AWS" height="25" /></a>  
<a href="https://www.docker.com/" target="_blank"><img style="margin: 10px" src="https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/docker-original-wordmark.svg" alt="Docker" height="25" /></a>  
<a href="https://www.typescriptlang.org/" target="_blank"><img style="margin: 10px" src="https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/typescript-original.svg" alt="TypeScript" height="25" /></a>  
<a href="https://www.mongodb.com/" target="_blank"><img style="margin: 10px" src="https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/mongodb-original-wordmark.svg" alt="MongoDB" height="25" /></a>  
<a href="https://www.python.org/" target="_blank"><img style="margin: 10px" src="https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/python-original.svg" alt="Python" height="25" /></a>  
<a href="https://expressjs.com/" target="_blank"><img style="margin: 10px" src="https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/express-original-wordmark.svg" alt="Express.js" height="25" /></a>  
<a href="https://www.gnu.org/software/bash/" target="_blank"><img style="margin: 10px" src="https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/gnu_bash-icon.svg" alt="Bash" height="25" /></a>  
<a href="https://flask.palletsprojects.com/" target="_blank"><img style="margin: 10px" src="https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/flask.png" alt="Flask" height="25" /></a>  
<a href="https://www.linux.org/" target="_blank"><img style="margin: 10px" src="https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/linux-original.svg" alt="Linux" height="25" /></a>  
<a href="https://sass-lang.com/" target="_blank"><img style="margin: 10px" src="https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/sass-original.svg" alt="Sass" height="25" /></a>  
<a href="https://github.com/" target="_blank"><img style="margin: 10px" src="https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/git-scm-icon.svg" alt="Git" height="25" /></a>  
<a href="https://nodejs.org/" target="_blank"><img style="margin: 10px" src="https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/nodejs-original-wordmark.svg" alt="Node.js" height="25" /></a>  
<a href="https://angular.io/" target="_blank"><img style="margin: 10px" src="https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/angularjs-original.svg" alt="Angular" height="25" /></a>  
<a href="https://mui.com/" target="_blank"><img style="margin: 10px" src="https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/mui.png" alt="Material UI" height="25" /></a>  
<a href="http://getbem.com/" target="_blank"><img style="margin: 10px" src="https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/bem.svg" alt="BEM" height="25" /></a>  
<a href="https://www.postgresql.org/" target="_blank"><img style="margin: 10px" src="https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/postgresql-original-wordmark.svg" alt="PostgreSQL" height="25" /></a>  
</div>  

<br/>

Commit message:

Add sample projects to readme

README.md, after:

## Hey 👋, I'm Francisco Magaña!  
  

<a href="https://github.com/francisco-magana" target="_blank">
<img src=https://img.shields.io/badge/github-%2324292e.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white alt=github style="margin-bottom: 5px;" />
</a>
<a href="https://twitter.com/frankCoder1213" target="_blank">
<img src=https://img.shields.io/badge/twitter-%2300acee.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=twitter&logoColor=white alt=twitter style="margin-bottom: 5px;" />
</a>
<a href="https://linkedin.com/in/francisco-javier-maga%C3%B1a-palomeque-b273061ba" target="_blank">
<img src=https://img.shields.io/badge/linkedin-%231E77B5.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white alt=linkedin style="margin-bottom: 5px;" />
</a>  
  



### Glad to see you here!  
I'm a Software Developer Engineer from Chiapas, Mexico.

I'm a software engineer who loves coding and creating new things. My interests include problem-solving, teaching, creativity, and teamwork. I believe that every challenge is an opportunity to grow and improve, and I am constantly seeking new challenges to overcome. When I am not working on projects or pursuing my passions, I enjoy spending time with my loved ones, reading books, playing videogames, watching movies, and exploring the outdoors.

Thank you for taking the time to visit my profile. I am always looking for new opportunities to collaborate and learn, so feel free to reach out and connect with me.  

  ### Some practice projects
  https://github.com/francisco-magana/are-you-bored - Ideas for bored people <br>
  https://github.com/francisco-magana/should-i - Should you buy that thing? Answer this questions<br>
  https://github.com/francisco-magana/clinote-project-page - Do you want to take notes in your teminal?<br>
  https://github.com/francisco-magana/todolist-react-nextjs - Do you need a minimal TODO list without distractions?<br>

<br/>  


## Rapidfire  
<table><tr><td valign="top" width="50%">

- 🔭 I’m currently working on Nexu  
  

- 🌱 I’m currently learning Angular in Depth  
  

- ❓ Ask me about anything related to Front End, teaching and learning  
  

- ⚡ Fun fact: I love cats 🥰  


</td><td valign="top" width="50%">

<div align="center">
<img src="https://media.giphy.com/media/lJNoBCvQYp7nq/giphy.gif" align="center" style="width: 100%" />
</div>  


</td></tr></table>  

<br/>  


## Languages and Tools  
<div align="center">  
<a href="https://reactjs.org/" target="_blank"><img style="margin: 10px" src="https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/react-original-wordmark.svg" alt="React" height="25" /></a>  
<a href="https://getbootstrap.com/docs/3.4/javascript/" target="_blank"><img style="margin: 10px" src="https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/bootstrap-plain.svg" alt="Bootstrap" height="25" /></a>  
<a href="https://www.w3schools.com/css/" target="_blank"><img style="margin: 10px" src="https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/css3-original-wordmark.svg" alt="CSS3" height="25" /></a>  
<a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HTML5" target="_blank"><img style="margin: 10px" src="https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/html5-original-wordmark.svg" alt="HTML5" height="25" /></a>  
<a href="https://www.javascript.com/" target="_blank"><img style="margin: 10px" src="https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/javascript-original.svg" alt="JavaScript" height="25" /></a>  
<a href="https://www.cprogramming.com/" target="_blank"><img style="margin: 10px" src="https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/c-original.svg" alt="C" height="25" /></a>  
<a href="https://aws.amazon.com/" target="_blank"><img style="margin: 10px" src="https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/amazonwebservices-original-wordmark.svg" alt="AWS" height="25" /></a>  
<a href="https://www.docker.com/" target="_blank"><img style="margin: 10px" src="https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/docker-original-wordmark.svg" alt="Docker" height="25" /></a>  
<a href="https://www.typescriptlang.org/" target="_blank"><img style="margin: 10px" src="https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/typescript-original.svg" alt="TypeScript" height="25" /></a>  
<a href="https://www.mongodb.com/" target="_blank"><img style="margin: 10px" src="https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/mongodb-original-wordmark.svg" alt="MongoDB" height="25" /></a>  
<a href="https://www.python.org/" target="_blank"><img style="margin: 10px" src="https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/python-original.svg" alt="Python" height="25" /></a>  
<a href="https://expressjs.com/" target="_blank"><img style="margin: 10px" src="https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/express-original-wordmark.svg" alt="Express.js" height="25" /></a>  
<a href="https://www.gnu.org/software/bash/" target="_blank"><img style="margin: 10px" src="https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/gnu_bash-icon.svg" alt="Bash" height="25" /></a>  
<a href="https://flask.palletsprojects.com/" target="_blank"><img style="margin: 10px" src="https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/flask.png" alt="Flask" height="25" /></a>  
<a href="https://www.linux.org/" target="_blank"><img style="margin: 10px" src="https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/linux-original.svg" alt="Linux" height="25" /></a>  
<a href="https://sass-lang.com/" target="_blank"><img style="margin: 10px" src="https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/sass-original.svg" alt="Sass" height="25" /></a>  
<a href="https://github.com/" target="_blank"><img style="margin: 10px" src="https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/git-scm-icon.svg" alt="Git" height="25" /></a>  
<a href="https://nodejs.org/" target="_blank"><img style="margin: 10px" src="https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/nodejs-original-wordmark.svg" alt="Node.js" height="25" /></a>  
<a href="https://angular.io/" target="_blank"><img style="margin: 10px" src="https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/angularjs-original.svg" alt="Angular" height="25" /></a>  
<a href="https://mui.com/" target="_blank"><img style="margin: 10px" src="https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/mui.png" alt="Material UI" height="25" /></a>  
<a href="http://getbem.com/" target="_blank"><img style="margin: 10px" src="https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/bem.svg" alt="BEM" height="25" /></a>  
<a href="https://www.postgresql.org/" target="_blank"><img style="margin: 10px" src="https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/postgresql-original-wordmark.svg" alt="PostgreSQL" height="25" /></a>  
</div>  

<br/>
